.\" Copyright (C) 2010 Holoscópio Tecnologia
.\" Author: Marcelo Jorge Vieira <metal@holoscopio.com>
.\"
.\" This is free documentation; you can redistribute it and/or
.\" modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of
.\" the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" The GNU General Public License's references to "object code"
.\" and "executables" are to be interpreted as the output of any
.\" document formatting or typesetting system, including
.\" intermediate and printed output.
.\"
.\" This manual is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public
.\" License along with this manual; if not, write to the Free
.\" Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor,
.\" Boston, MA  02111-1301  USA.
.TH Landell 1
.SH NAME
Landell \- Audio and video streams manager

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B landell [options]

.SH DESCRIPTION
Sltv is an audio and video streamer that receives streams from sources
and sends a stream using icecast. It has a graphical interface that
shows preview and allows applying dynamic effects and configuring stream.

.SH OPTIONS

.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Show help options
.br

.SH BUGS
The bug tracker can be reached by visiting the website
\fIhttp://gonod.softwarelivre.org/cgi-bin/bugzilla/buglist.cgi?product=sltv\fR

Before sending a bug report, please verify that you have the latest
version of SLTV. Many bugs (major and minor) are fixed at each
release, and if yours is out of date, the problem may already have
been solved.

.SH ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

For further information, visit the website \fIhttp://wiki.softwarelivre.org/TV/SltvProject\fR
